It was important that Po5 was recognized as being a bit more upscale than Gaslamp Pizza. Equally important in the crowded pizza restaurant market was for the brand to own a distinct color-way. For this reason there is a tight palette of 4 key colors: White, Black, Turquoise Blue, and Grey. 

Something like this: The graphical device (possibly how the po5 smiles) is pulled from the PO5 logo mark and forms the shape of a smile, which references how a person feels and the brand has to offer and informs the tagline (dont have a tagline)

As the Gaslamp Pizza family's new eatery, Pizza on Fifth, came together, they realized that a new identity would be necessary to distinguish the two. Pizza on Fifth would be more than a pizza-on-the-go shop, but would have a full menu and dining area.

Starting a restaurant is definitely not an easy thing, especially in a city where you will be welcomed with hundreds of competitors.

But, Bill’s Tex-Mex stepped into the market with a positive approach. And, the company contacted us for its logo designing and print media services.

After completing logo design, we moved on to print media solutions. Here, we kept the demands and behavior of potential audience on top of everything. Therefore, from signboard design to menu card design, we did everything keeping customer’s preference in mind.
the Clients
What started as a pizza-on-the-go shop, in 2012 Gaslamp Pizza has grown to a second eatery, Po5 Pizza Lounge & Bar now offering a dining area, full menu, and cold beer in the historical Gaslamp Quarter of San Diego just a couple blocks away from the original downtown late-night staple.

After opening, the business realized that a separate identity was needed to distiguish the two locales. 

colors
I used shades of blue, which represents credibility, calmness, serenity and harmony, to represent the stark difference between the mother shop which is fast and furious to the new shop which was more of a calm, family atmosphere. 
 The brand’s colors also include the silver color that represents luxury, and it also blends well with the blue color. 
 
 To emphasize the harmony I chose two similar colors, i.e. close to each other in the color wheel.

 
Cross Media
Poster Design

Cross-media advertising is a strategy used by business owners to market a business using various types of media. In other words, it’s an efficient way to increase brand-awareness.

menu
The keen-eyed among you may have noticed that there is a glass of wine hidden among the corals.
The idea stems from the same quote I mentioned earlier, in which fish are among the corals.
It inspired me to design something different and very graphic.
The emphasis here is on the game – hiding things between the corals, in a creative way.
At first glance, the corals look uniform – just a pile of similar looking individual corals, yet, at second glance they
“magically” form the shape of a glass of wine.
My intention was that it would be subtle – that the glass wouldn’t be noticeable straight away,
but once you do, it would be hard to unsee it, which is super cool.

MY NOTES

[User . . . (descriptive)] needs [Need . . . (verb)] because [Insight . . . (compelling)] 

Playing off the restaurant’s official name, Pizza on 5th, I presented Po5 as a contemporary variation of
                the name and designed the logo. This also allowed for future franchising (“Pizza on 5th” wouldn’t align with a
                pizzeria on Main Street, now would it?)
                
                When unable to find a font that felt right to me, I created
                a completely custom, original font to complement the brand. 

PREVIOUSLY USED 

Po5 Pizza Lounge & Bar is a local downtown eatery that caters to families, tourists, and becomes the
                Gaslamp’s hot spot for night time entertainment. Offering a wide-range of menu items as well as pizza
                on-the-go.

                There were three main challenges to branding Po5 Pizza Lounge & Bar:
                make signage memorable and create a brand people would recognize.
                distinguish the new shope from the nearby sister pizzeria, Gaslamp Pizza.

                • Non-memorable signage.<br>
                • No logo, lacking branding.<br>
                • Dated color palette.<br>
                • Business name not suitable for franchising future.<br>
                • Distinguish the new shop from the nearby sister pizzeria, Gaslamp Pizza.

                 The name Pizza on 5th did not allow for franchising possiblities the owner was planning for the future. Create a memorable brand people would remember and distinguish from nearby sister pizzeria, Gaslamp Pizza.

BRAINSTORMING
                  I incorporated the Po5 logo into a
                newly-designed menu — with added choices from my own recipes, largely inspired by my time living in
                Florence, Italy. With a mind geared towards completing a full package, my own personal vision for an
                elevated interior design ensued–but that is a “whole other story”! 
                
                Steps:<br><br>
                • Get to know what client envisioned, offered advice and ideas.<br>
                • Brainstorming concepts, names, colors.<br>
                • Sketching.<br>
                • Execution of logo, font, layouts.<br>
                • Presentation.<br>
                • Delivery

Playing off the restaurant’s official name, Pizza on 5th, I presented Po5 as a contemporary variation of
                the name and designed the logo. When unable to find a font that felt right to me, I created
                a completely custom, original font to complement the brand. 

OUTCOME 

                • Full name change to Po5 Lounge and Bar - descriptive and modern.<br>
                • Logo designed for easy recognition - clean and crisp.<br>
                • Color palette created to allow business owner to convert from dated brown and yellow to a more
                contemporary blue and grey - a boost to the restaurant’s image and expanding clientele base.
